What's wrong? Mr. Lin.
This is dry. It's a rare trip to the company's large network to hear that you are here for a long time.
nothing. It's just the new real student Zhao Shiqi.
The baby has menstrual disease. What about you?
What do you want to say? Hello Mr. Lin.
I was interviewed by Zhao Erbajian.
I slept in the girl's room.
I hope she apologizes to me. Mr. Lin.
Mr. Lin. This kind of thing.
Of course people at that time
I don’t think I’ll admit it.
Isn’t it the same answer whether you ask or not?
You also know that this is the answer
Then what else are you asking?
Quickly apologize to Sister Shi Yao
After apologizing, go back to work and leave.
Are you really going to make me fall down and apologize?
Okay mk group
I like young people with personality like you
I hope what happened today will not affect you
Be mature later
Let me change your group
work hard
Specifically mk Xiao Li
Thank you Ling Zuo
Look good. I like you.